{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green123\blue69;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18039\c54510\c34118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh17820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
About Us\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 Howdy! I\'92m Chris Hall, owner of C&D Lawn Service. Born and raised right here in Lexington, South Carolina, I grew up with a passion for turning an ordinary yard into something special. After years of mowing for family and friends I decided to make it official\'97and C&D Lawn Service was born. Today we\'92re proud to be a local, family\'96run business built on honest work, southern hospitality and a genuine love for a well\uc0\u8209 cut lawn.\cb1 \
\cb3 Every yard we maintain is treated as if it were our own. Whether you\'92re a busy homeowner who just needs a reliable mow every week, or a property manager looking for full\uc0\u8209 service maintenance, we\'92ve got you covered. We believe in showing up on time, doing the job right the first time and leaving your yard looking clean, green and welcoming. When you hire us you\'92re getting personal service directly from me and my team\'97not a faceless corporation. Give us a call and see why your neighbors trust C&D Lawn Service for all their lawn care needs.}